fix: fix save and load json behaviour (#205)
jina-ai/docarray: docs/fundamentals/document/serialization.md

<Document ('id', 'mime_type', 'text', 'embedding') at 641032d677b311ecb67a1e008a366d49>
```

> By default, it uses {ref}`JSON Schema and pydantic model<schema-gen>` for serialization, i.e. `protocol='jsonschema'`. You can switch the method to `protocol='protobuf'`, which leverages Protobuf as the JSON serialization backend or `protocol='dynamic'` which accepts schemaless Documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, it uses {ref}`JSON Schema and pydantic model<schema-gen>` for serialization, i.e. `protocol='jsonschema'`. You can switch the method to `protocol='protobuf'`, which leverages Protobuf as the JSON serialization backend.

To load an arbitrary JSON file, please set `protocol=None`. But as it is "arbitrary", you should not expect it can be succesfully loaded. DocArray tries its best reasonable effort by first load this JSON into `dict` and then load it via `Document(dict)`. 
```

To find out what extra parameters you can pass to `to_json()`/`to_dict()`, please check out:
- [`protocol='jsonschema', **kwargs`](https://pydantic-docs.helpmanual.io/usage/exporting_models/#modeljson) 
- [`protocol='protobuf', **kwargs`](https://googleapis.dev/python/protobuf/latest/google/protobuf/json_format.html#google.protobuf.json_format.MessageToJson)

> - `protocol='dynamic': Accepts any json/dict schema and retrieves/puts all extra fields from/to `Document.tags`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

because there is no `to_json(protocol='dynamic')` anymore
